[DOCS] Changes to Alert details flyout and new Insights section (#2298)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/alerts-view-details.asciidoc

The *Overview* tab contains these features:

* *Summary*: Displays general details such as the alert's status, severity, risk score, and a link to the detection rule that produced the alert.

* *Reason statement*: Provides a description of what generated the alert and provides general alert details. You can use this to understand the alert's origin and determine if the alert is relevant to your investigation.

* *Highlighted fields*: Surfaces the most relevant fields for the alert type. Use this section to inform your triage efforts as you investigate the alert.

* *Alert prevalence*: Shows the total number of alerts within the selected timeframe that have identical values. For example, an alert prevalence of 3 for `host.name` means three alerts with the same `host.name` value exist within the timeframe.
+
Alert prevalence data can help you investigate relationships with other alerts and gain context about the events producing alerts. You can also click the alert prevalence count to explore the alerts in Timeline.
+
IMPORTANT: Before investigating alert prevalence data in Timeline, save any Timelines you're working on to ensure you can access them later.

> * *Insights*: Shows relationships with related alerts to help you quickly identify patterns. Refer to <<alert-details-insights, Insights on alerts>> for more information.

Reviewer: +1 "associated"!

> * *Enriched data*: Displays available threat indicator matches and threat intelligence data. This section only displays for alerts with intelligence data. Click the info icon to learn more about what data is collected. Refer to <<enriched-data-overview>> for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Enriched data*: Displays available threat indicator matches and threat intelligence data. This section only displays alerts with intelligence data. Click the info icon to learn more about what data is collected. Refer to <<enriched-data-overview>> for more information.
```

Author: Hey, @benironside ! The enriched data section only appears when an alert has threat intel. How about:

```suggestion
* *Enriched data*: Displays available threat indicator matches and threat intelligence data. This section only displays on alerts with intelligence data. Click the info icon to learn more about what data is collected. Refer to <<enriched-data-overview>> for more information.
```

+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/enriched-data-info-icon.png[Informational message on enriched data, 600]

[discrete]
[[alert-details-insights]]
==== Insights on alerts

The Insights section shows you how an alert is related to other alerts and offers ways to investigate related alerts. You can use this information to quickly find patterns between alerts and then take action.

> You can click on the section title for each insight to expand or collapse it. Some sections are only offered with a certain license and might require you to also enable a feature flag.

Author: ```suggestion
You can click on the section title for each insight to expand or collapse it. Some sections are only offered under a certain license and might require you to also enable a feature flag.
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/insights-section.png[Informational message on enriched data, 600]

Author: ```suggestion
image::images/insights-section.png[Insights section in Alert details flyout, 600]
```

> Within the Insights section, you can click on the title for each insight to expand or collapse it. Some sections are only offered under a certain license and might require you to also enable a feature flag.

Reviewer: Licensing and feature flags are mentioned in two places in this section, first here where it all sounds kind of intentionally vague, then later when we actually reveal all the details. I think we could omit the second sentence here, and just mention licensing and feature flags below, where it's directly related to the features and details.
```suggestion
Within the Insights section, you can click on the title for each insight to expand or collapse it.
```

Author: Sounds good. I wasn't sure whether this was something worth mentioning early, especially considering the image below it shows the insights section that needs the plat license and feature flag enabled.

Reviewer: I think if it was something we could fully explain pretty quickly upfront, then yeah. But it's kind of detailed and would bog things down if we included all of the details upfront.

> image::images/insights-section.png[Informational message on enriched data, 600]

Author: @joepeeples oops, forgot to edit the alt text - good catch. As for resizing the image, how's this:

<img width="789" alt="insights-section" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79124755/184979798-3a0734a6-e5c8-42c4-96e3-a38897863fdd.png">

> image::images/insights-section.png[Informational message on enriched data, 600]

Reviewer: Oh yeah, much more legible! 🔥

> image::images/insights-section.png[Informational message on enriched data, 600]

Author: Might just use the one above since it just about shows all four of the Insight sections.

The Insights section provides the following details:

* *Cases related to the alert* - Shows the total number and names of cases to which the alert has been added. Click a case's name to open its details.

> * *Alerts related by source event* - Shows the ten most recent alerts created by the same source event. This can help you find alerts with a shared origin and provide more context about the source event. Click the *Investigate in timeline* button to examine related alerts in Timeline.

Reviewer: In case they ever turn the button into a link, etc.:
```suggestion
* *Alerts related by source event* - Shows the ten most recent alerts created by the same source event. This can help you find alerts with a shared origin and provide more context about the source event. Click *Investigate in timeline* to examine related alerts in Timeline.
```

> * *Alerts related by source event* - Shows the ten most recent alerts created by the same source event. This can help you find other alerts that were generated by the same or different rules. You can use this information to gain more context about the source event creating the alerts. Click the *Investigate in timeline* button to examine related alerts in Timeline.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Alerts related by source event* - Shows the ten most recent alerts created by the same source event. This can help you find alerts with a shared origin and provide more context about the source event. Click the *Investigate in timeline* button to examine related alerts in Timeline.
```

> * *Alerts related by session ID* - Shows the ten most recent alerts generated during the same <<session-view, session>>. These alerts share the same Session ID, which is a unique ID for tracking a given Linux session.

Reviewer: Does this need to be capitalized? Also slight revision to tighten up:
```suggestion
* *Alerts related by session ID* - Shows the ten most recent alerts generated during the same <<session-view, session>>. These alerts share the same session ID (a unique ID for a given Linux session).
```

Author: I don't think so. I'll defer to @benironside :)

Reviewer 3: I think we can leave session ID lowercase.

+
beta::[]
+

> NOTE: This feature requires a Platinum or Enterprise license. In addition, the *Include session data* setting must be enabled on your {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy. Refer to <<enable-session-view, Enable Session View data>> for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: This feature requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription]. In addition, the *Include session data* setting must be enabled on your {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy. Refer to <<enable-session-view, Enable Session View data>> for more information.
```

> NOTE: This feature requires a Platinum license. In addition, the *Include session data* setting must be enabled on your {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy. Refer to <<enable-session-view, Enable Session View data>> for more information.

Reviewer: Does it require _only_ a Platinum license, or Platinum or higher? ([Some of our docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/master/host-isolation-ov.html) use the phrase "Platinum or Enterprise" instead...?)

Author: Plat or higher sounds right - @michaelolo24 @janmonschke would you mind confirming. Thanks!

Reviewer 4: Yep, plat or higher is correct :)

> * *Alerts related by process ancestry* - Shows alerts that are related by process events on the same linear branch. Note that alerts generated from processes on child or related branches are not shown. To further examine alerts, click the *Investigate in timeline* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Alerts related by process ancestry* - Shows alerts that are related by process events on the same linear branch. Note that alerts generated from processes on child or related branches are not shown. To further examine alerts, click *Investigate in timeline*.
```

+
beta::[]
+

> NOTE: This feature requires a Platinum or Enterprise license. To display it within the Insights section, you must also add the `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: This feature requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription]. In addition, to display it within the Insights section, you must also add the `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file. 
```

> NOTE: This feature requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription]. In addition, to display it within the Insights section, you must also add the `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: This feature requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription]. In addition, to display it within the Insights section, you must also add the following feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file: `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']`. 
```

> NOTE: This feature requires a Platinum license. To display it within the Insights section, you must also add the `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file.

Reviewer: Ditto on Platinum vs. Platinum or higher / Platinum or Enterprise
